
Introduction
------------
This set of tools is designed to make it easier to ship sources around.  I
wrote them because I do a lot of that as moderator of comp.sources.unix,
and nothing else did the job for me.  This set isn't perfect, but its
close enough. :-)

Programs are included for the following tasks:
    Find source files in a directory tree
    Run uuencode on binary files, and split up large files
    Partition files into reasonably-sized archives via a shipping list
    Pull entries out of shipping lists
    Make shell archives from shipping lists or named files
    Strip mail/news headers from archives before feeding them to a shell
    An interpreter of enough /bin/sh syntax to unpack them "sort of" safely

The sources in this distribution are being released into the public
domain; do what you want, but let your conscience be your guide.  If you
somehow enhance this package, please send it on to me so that others can
benefit.

On a philosophical note, I've tried to make this all as general as
possible for shipping sources around.  I'm more interested in portability
than binaries, so things like automatically running uuencode don't
interest me.

Installation
------------
Pick a configuration file that comes close to matching your system, copy
it to config.h, and edit it as necessary.  Don't edit the distributed
version because it will be harder to track patches to it.  Don't be scared
by your first look at all the parameters in the config.XXX files.  I agree
that there are WAY too many, but it's really not that bad -- trust me.  If
you find that you have to edit any other file, please let me know.   You
might have to tweak with some of the lXXX.c files for bizarre systems, but
if you have to edit anything else then I goofed and I would like to hear
about it.

It would be nice if I could use a Larry Wall-style Configure, but that
only works on Unix (and Eunice).  Send me your config.h file so that
others can benefit.

You might have to edit the Makefile, or perhaps even write one from scratch.
If you end up making significant changes, please let me know.  Apparently
"make" and compilers in the micro world don't have the de-facto standards
the way Unix and VMS do, so unless your changes are very general and
applicable to a wide variety of machines, you needn't send them to me.

Credits
-------
I freely stole ideas from a number of people who have been good enough to
put their stuff out on Usenet.  Particular thanks to Gary Perlman and
Larry Wall for giving me something nice to reverse-engineer, Michael
Mauldin for unshar, and Phil Budne for what I turned into manipull.

More importantly, well over 50 people have sent me comments and bug reports
on previous versions of this.  The names are too long to list, but this
code is dedicated to them.

Enjoy!
	Rich $alz
	BBN Systems and Technology, Inc.
	10 Moulton Street
	Cambridge, MA  02238
	rsalz@bbn.com
	rsalz@uunet.uu.net


Note from Raphael Manfredi <ram@acri.fr>
--------------------------------------------
Please, note that this is not the original distribution of cshar 3.0,
which you can get directly from Rich Salz. However, I try to maintain
this code, and, to a certain extent, I apply ('merge' would be a more
appropriate word) the official patches on my own version.

If you find a bug or have any question, report it to me. As a matter of
fact, I will probably be the one to blame.

I used Larry Wall's meta-config on this package. Those who run UNIX will
simply have to run Configure. If it blows up, let me know. Others can
restore Rich Salz's original Makefile (Makefile.salz) and edit config.h
by hand. (See leading comment in ramconf.h).

The makefile extracted by Configure will not build the 'shell' program,
assuming it is not needed on UNIX systems. If you want it built anyway,
you can edit the generated makefile. Do not edit Makefile.SH, in case
you have to re-distribute this package.

Once everything is built and installed, you may run a 'make clobber',
which will restore the minimum configuration for re-distribution.

You can get patches for cshar 3.0 directly from me. I have an automatic
patch sender. Send me a mail of the following form:

	Subject: Command
	@SH mailhelp PATH

and you will get instructions about how to use it. PATH stands for
YOUR e-mail address, either in INTERNET form or in bang notation.

To maintain and configure cshar, I use the dist 3.0 package, as posted
in comp.sources.misc (August 1993).

